[Music]
Okay family things are still heating up
okay it comes out to 2000 for me he's looking for
water and wei wei wei wei wei wei well thanks
thanks everyone let's see we've been
here for 3 hours for there to be 3,500
likes honestly but anyway
things are still heating up it turns out that
Dallas Jason made some statements on his
Twitter after 8's live there are
people who are commenting but I don't
believe it because you don't send me anything
so if I don't see it then I don't know
if it's true there are no people who are
commenting to me that 8 would have said something
else today in his live but that he would have deleted that
live I don't know if it's true I hope you
're putting it in the
comments box but I don't know don't
send me any clicks nobody confirms it to me
so I don't know okay
[Music]
I want to clarify one thing before before
seeing Dallas' tweets and it is because of
Gates' comments from yesterday in my
excerpt okay let's see first of all
I know that there are a lot of people who want
me to insult another one of  youtube what I
aggressively attack another youtube or
whatever I don't attack either one or the other
okay me as long as it's not someone who has
done something personal to me and is
responding something like that I am
lukewarm but with everyone it's okay because I do
n't want anyone to feel mónica thank you
very much because I don't want
anyone to feel
humiliated and attacked with my videos I
'm simply commenting on the salsero
okay then I don't think it's right that
dallas made those statements but the thing is that I
consider that dallas did it at
a time that if it had been another
time he wouldn't let it go okay I
imagine that he must have done it based on
something or whatever
hello I'm from the lordship and I don't miss
a salsero thank you very much already
thank you very much a huge hug
they give the news and drugs to an
idiot person and I consider that to be
a person who goes know what I'm saying
but until a judge says
otherwise everyone is innocent okay
that to start now based on the
live 10 yesterday 8 it seemed to me a
very bad answer because because if  They give me
a pulse of that style, they will
teach me with that label, what I
do is
respond, maybe not so much to the monkey,
attacking the other, if I am going to take
legal action, not attacked, but I would have said, I
want to make it clear that what is being
said is a lie and that I am not going to
allow it and that I am not going to take
action against whoever says it, anything like
that does not affect any
judicial process, okay, on the one hand, on the other
hand,
I want to surprise people a lot, no, I
call it basic here, at least not that
people understood from yesterday's live broadcast
that 8 has sued Dallas
and I do not understand based on what people have
drawn that conclusion because I debated
live yesterday with 8, I did not reach that
conclusion that 8 was the one who sued,
he said phrases like,
I am calm, what pisses me off is
having to travel 106 hours, I
am calm, I am prepared for whatever
comes
[Music]
what I put on Karim, I do
not have Karim in, I am
prepared for whatever comes,
a series of phrases were made that did not give me to
understand that it was him who was going to
take  legal actions rather what
I understood but since they haven't made anything
clear I don't know and I can't confirm the
only thing I do is read or what there is what
I understood that it was him, him that they
were messing with and that later it turns out to be
false that I don't know, I'll decide that
the law
everyone is innocent until a
judge says otherwise
now eight's response seems like [ __ ] to me
sincerely
that he responded well that he settled the issue
churri is I became a member today but I
went unnoticed discouraged face anyway
I am very happy to be part of this
community I send you a kiss and a hug
face throwing a kiss handsome thank you so much
queen I return it I would
thank you so much too
today 8 said that they were suing
him but there is that thing it is
somewhere is that several of you have told me
I understood it as that they had
reported him and he was defending himself
and the people in my previous live in
yesterday's extract before the workshop are
giving me everything from a dog from Dallas to a
pet from Dallas  dollar
thank you very much 8 tables or he
's giving me everything for not insulting
that the felling for a hit having
arrived said I'm not going to attack anyone I
can give my opinion hey well I agree in
Dallas 9 wall and wind of Dallas well I
agree with all the confidence I do
n't know what it is but I'm not going to take
a concession like that for granted okay nor am I
going to take it for granted nor am I going to attack
Adala because she does it you
understand
knowing him I consider that he is not a
person who makes that type of accusations
crazy knowing what there is that he could be
wrong that he could have
rushed it I don't know what I think is that
he would not have said it if we didn't
achieve in that moment of hard heat
and thank you very much welcome hey thank you very much
to all of you who are
becoming members today a lot of
members today is
24 25 members today 25 new members today
we'll see and people are attacking me
for that and it's that literally I from the
live 8 if there's something that I
miss someone come and put it to me it's
not that  8 said such and such such and from
here we draw the conclusion of each
given claim but it seems to me
that he had pulled that conclusion out of his
dick and on top of that you are reading it to me you
are enjoying me that robbery is
welcome you are enjoying me you
are enjoying me in the
comments box all the comments are pathetic
these comments of
course the covers I leave them there to
see them in the future but you are
insulting me
because I react to 8's live and it
seems to me that his response is not very strong
thank you very much because the truth leaves
a lot to be desired the type of people you are
and the conclusions that are made
but I insist if there is someone
from the equestrian world thank you very much if there is
someone who can refute me
[Music]
what are the people who have drawn the
conclusion
that it is 8 who has sued and
that is what his
live broadcast has implied explain it to me because I did not
understand it that way but it happens that people
are very basic that things have to be explained
apples I am going to see it I am in
dallas but I'm going to watch the
tci channel half tuberos because I think that there he
puts everything
in more order than I can get it by
seeing his twitter
first we have that first to tell you
that apparently the own
comments that he continued saying in the
8th itself, the one from yesterday in his live give
indications it must be specified that he was the one
denounced but not the one who presented the
complaint I understood it like that now I don't
know I can't confirm it or I say it because he did
n't confirm it either
but man to say I'm prepared for
whatever comes I
'm calm I've had to travel what is
better is having to travel I know
now it was making me waste time me
if you're going to file a lawsuit you don't
have to travel the lawsuit you file without
leaving your house you
already do it to your exes or to dallas and this
I also subscribed and in full plot
twist greetings to all the peruvians that I
see in the super chats smiling face
with glasses a hug Miguel says cook to
the other the laser I mention you on twitter
da [ __ ] send it to me air in the capture
finally we read it this changes in the
sense that in theory if  would have to
report to dallas first it would have to be
proven that these
complaints that his exes filed against him and
we will see this later and what
were the clues for us to think
this that 8 himself said in his clear we
would have to confirm that they had
reported him that we do not know yet your
direct well first it has to be
proven and that 8 himself wins those
complaints against his ex so that later
javi stops mentioning me in all your
live streams every time I put you on
youtube mention me if you have a
problem please tell me and stop
putting me in your [ __ ]
thanks to diana thank you very much
sincerely
pleasure
the sre you are an [ __ ]
okay the sre I mention you whatever comes out
of the balls
and the one who mentions you was rick
exactly
and if you want go up here live and I
will look at you again
if you want go up here I will look at you again
circles of the salt se or always hangs around
the jabil channel and beira for the
south etcetera etcetera and if I have not
misunderstood being one of the main
creators of javi's website, my
kids,
stick your tongue in your ass, they'll
stick their tongue in your ass, I don't have to
look at you again,
precisely with this complaint won, you
can sue Dallas in the
event that this turns out as
8 himself hopes, since precisely
the only thing 8 said yesterday in his
live in his first statement was
that he was with his lawyers, that he was
taking everything legally, but he
also didn't specify that he was going to sue
someone, he simply said that he was with
his lawyers and that's it, but it was what he
later began to tell them,
because precisely that is what gives us
indications that it was precisely him who was
sued and even more so with
precisely the response he gave given
the review and today the boy is socas,
thank you very much to know about 8 himself,
but first we must understand the
context and Dallas' responses
because there is something very interesting here, it
all begins when a person says
that he is not interested in the star of the ass, seeing how
two content creators who grow
day by day and are quite loved
manage to succeed without the need for
controversies like you  It has taken you so much
try line and 8 are an example of
improvement and we will not let them tarnish
their name without getting into controversy
please given I had not spoken about either
of those two until thriller messed
with him and his sister if he had gotten involved
and for including his sister he would have
made a video in 2018 2019 no now
open your eyes if he messes with them now it
is only because he needs a new
controversy to eat with the excuse
that he is defending himself from an
old tweet no in fact if a video has been
a thriller video lol someone messes
with the sister who does not get into
controversy and who are they defending if it were
anyone they would defend the one who
insulted the sister but since it is
dallas he will be to blame brother
has nothing to do with it and line did not insult
her at any time he
was using her to victimize himself
with a tweet from three years ago they are very
easy to manipulate I do not know if someone
says that about my sister I would also be
upset but he is not saying things
about 8 without proof that is the only thing that  I
like to give it just because he says it doesn't
mean he's 100% right
let me doubt and in question puts
precisely this tweet
good evening Mr. Javier Oliveira how has
your day been
a hug my dear sir very polite
thank you very much who put trim line in
2018 about his sister of dadas to which
dadas says without proof says x of let's see
if you shut up the pig mouth I don't know what
proof his exes have I wish I knew
but the ones I know weren't even
his exes the headquarters is brand that it is that he
knows something from ex
remember that this was another of the
points of nowhere 8 brings out some exes that's why
I say that I think they are
messing with him that they are suing him I don't
know
8 suddenly they bring out 2 esq mentioned exes
in his live
when dallas hadn't mentioned if they
were months and they were cousins ​​and they were friends
they were followers okay then 8 had
some information that we don't know
then I deduce that I don't know if it's that
da la la the o2 I say or rather because 8  he
concludes that an ex has
sued him from previous people news
of that ex has known that the exes have
spoken with dallas he has to know something that
gives us the headquarters mark that
he has spoken to any ex and you have
enough evidence to take him to
prison directly hopefully these two
complaints encourage more to report it
disgusts me the fanboys of this guy kiss
good king time without appearing around here haha ​​thank you
very much without a
doubt some that is without a doubt what I
said exactly that
even he himself says I hope they don't
encourage me more and I already expected it in his
disgusting live
and you still have the web the soul everything
thank you very much pieces of defending him
I did not trivialize or with these issues and
someone can precisely continue with my
video and respond to him I do not understand who
can understand that from the live it
clearly says that they have reported him
act
on twitter it is
not that you are supporting darla it is that he is
not I am not defending neither one
nor the other 8 commenting on what there is
of course I insist I repeat it again
the times in fault to  Alejandra anticipates thank you
very much congratulations on those
20 months everyone is innocent until
a judge says otherwise
period okay I'm defending neither one nor the
other I'm commenting on what is being
said okay Dallas is reaffirming itself Dallas
no no no it says the skater's time no
no Dallas continues to reaffirm itself it
will be 8 who has to cut this out
not carry it or take what he sees necessary
but I in yesterday's live based on
that phrase I no I did not understand that it was
although 8 had tried to say that the
lawsuit was filed
I what I understood was that although the
lawsuit is what had reached him something
and here the basic people because there is nothing
else basic people tire me out Javi
wondering why he assumes that that
makes them well Javier will have his experience
with those exes they are surely the ones that
end if they go around talking badly about you and
wanted to make your life impossible
well I don't know son I have a lot of
exes too before before before
having my wife but I don't know me
if suddenly another youtuber accuses me
of something so strong well I wouldn't
think about them  are they
talking about me the truth would think that he has taken
out his ass it's like when Dallas
accuses him of everything, it was already known, what will I
do had to do no no there
were always times when people
accused Dallas of everything when
a series of trials had already passed and
based on facts and based on the sentence it was
proven that no how many massages
thank you very much I saw a part where
something like when
those two trials are solved there he will
talk to Pan he visited the
Uncle South channel is coming what I
heard about Pan he visited was that he
said when Pan visited he wants to
talk or when Pan visited you I
want to talk to you talk is what I
understand with that or it gets to the mother I am
wrong it is
as you see little but what I understand
with that is that he is waiting like this
Dallas makes a video to the attack to
respond because he says I am prepared
for whatever I do not know what that
said Xavi that was what I am saying
I Karime what Línea is saying I do
not understand the complaint of them I enjoy them
here from the people arrived and when  I saw
all of the studies since I said I
went back to my live and I saw the
right again the live of 8 the director
here the people insulting me what a level
line thank you very much queen happiness
of 19 months og
says that you are impartial but not 8 you
have looked for the way out where the way out of
there he said it so strange why does he
say this yes yes it is that we totally
look for the way out that literally if they
accuse me of something like that the
first thing I would do is not wait more
week and on the same day instead of yes you
know that I do not have an opinion I would take I would make
some stories and say I am not going to
allow what they are saying is
false
and period dude it is not even that he did not
even say that in his live 8 that
you know that he is telling us
of course it is false and of course I am not
going to allow it damn that at least it does not
harm you in any legal process
if you are going to sue someone the only thing
that can harm you is that you
are also messing with that
someone
what eights would have put in it will count but if he
has never messed with him he will not  it
would affect absolutely nothing, I mean, I'm
not going to allow this. It's just
that people want me
to attack her, well, I can't be with him,
but I'm not going to go against 8,
nothing, neither Dallas nor 8 in it nor
anyone else. I mean, this is not the channel of
who I'm telling you about. I'm telling you, month and Belgians who are
neck and neck.
No, it's not necessary to talk about the thing. There is
the example of Aurum with the girl
and Auro hasn't said anything. Chile, what's
happening with the girl Carmen, another
selection, a lot of hype, it seemed more like a
message, he spoke of something that Dallas must
send, it seems that they want evidence of
who contacted him,
that it was all very ambiguous, what about Auro
doing it about Auro, sincerely, the truth is that it has
come out on a channel with 20 thousand views
and it is not the same, absolutely not about a
case of a person that was already talked about in
2016, you know, it is not the same
precisely, it is not the same.
Likewise, in that case I would have also
contributed,
but do you want me to tell you
if Dallas had it so clear with 88,
why doesn't he release a video like with the Town case
?  I think it's that he wasn't going to say anything
in public and he got heated and got carried away
and let it out and once he was cut off, he did
n't retract it but when he doesn't
retract it's because I don't know what he has and I don't
want to know I do
n't know,
time will tell God
look look at Javi's face, disoriented
hahaha what it is and Javi the complaint is
for your friend Neo
go walk around buddy go walk around and make
the blue one eat
Javi remember that silence
is also an answer face winking face laughing out loud face
laughing out loud let's see one thing that
silence is an answer okay
like the case that you put to me no
that he didn't say anything good everyone
can do what they want but one thing
that silence is an answer and another
thing is that you say between laughs ha ha ha ha ha ha ha you
know how I am like
what he said if I say several things like
the weird ones that hasn't happened to me before maybe something like
that is
worth saying you know that I don't have an opinion
one thing is to remain
absolutely silent another thing is to act  your 18 to
10 is going to be the one for studies yesterday that I would have
done nothing
but I make my opinion the plan that I don't give a damn that I don't care,
I turn off the
computer and tonight for there is no
issue that gives me its least
that what happens to Dallas there
is nothing that he told me because the
issue that there is in what is
seems fine to me that the soldier does not
seem to me to give to a person who goes around
saying things at first and without
sincerely he has not shown me that I do not
think he is an [ __ ] in the years
that I have known him and in all the
proven cases no no he has not acted
like that
but I am not going to affirm that what he
says is the truth because because I do not know nor do I
want to know
when the judicial issues go by,
well, we will see in fact when Xavi
turns off the computer they do not know his chat
he has little capacity for understanding if
until later he starts saying that they have the
possibility of going to jail that you never
really know flick these 18 in the
live
Karim this one sounds like he has the possibility of going
to jail that you never know
even if it was among probable he said it
and little the little understanding that you have
about the possibility of going to jail he
said it as a joke guatafán and you say that we
lack reading comprehension he reads little the
figs and ridiculous that you are how is it going to have
reported and tell you jokes that there
is a possibility that he will go to is that
what is the logic of where is there someone
here in the chat who understood yesterday that
Dallas is the defendant is there
someone in the chat because then they
all appear in the extract when I
summarize it there is someone in the tailcoat who
wants to insult me ​​and who understood there
about giving the projection the meaning of that the
truth
javi is that 8 was so ambiguous that he did not
say anything clear since he did not say anything
clear here we cannot affirm that he has
been reported because I do not affirm it
but based on the phrases that he said what do
you understand that he is possibly
the one reported or that he is the one who is going to
report
but what he understood that the works
diet he no
and on top of that people have passed because of the
video and all that is tremendous is
tremendous and I say it seems to me that da
la should not have said  that
based on what you want to base but
those types of things are very strong to
see it has been released but well
javi how can you continue justifying
Dallas in this matter and get angry with 8
for you or really
I really had understood that he was the one who was going to
denounce an ex I did not understand it like
that but he said that nothing is
signed that we will see it
sooner or later it will come out
sooner or later it will be clarified
hey well this is what happened I have
denounced Dallas hey this is what
happened they have denounced me nobody has
called me nobody has denounced they are in the
hands of lawyers to reach agreements
to avoid nonsense me that that guy who does
not say anything
but each one who understood what he
wanted man but the truth is that to
reach the conclusion that Dallas was
the defendant is because you are
making that mental payment in your head and you
want to understand that because
otherwise I do not get
these things they take many years well
in months you know
but for me to reach the conclusion
the only option to reach the
conclusion that dallas was denounced
was because you are imagining it
because you wish it
and you draw the conclusion of the turnip
the literal vision are ridiculous
blind fanboys of this element says it because they have
clearly denounced him not the other
way around ridiculous and see and here it is
important to show precisely these
clips that dallas himself is talking about
ok first he starts saying the
same 8 his live and hopes that more
exes do not join the complaints because they
are accumulating
I do
not want to take it for granted
because there is nothing confirmed I do not know
but let's put ourselves in the situation
okay if dallas and 8 were the one who
sued dallas I imagine that the
expressions would be everything is in the hands of
my lawyers I am
not going to consent to something like that
but this what pisses me off I am calm
what pisses me off is having to travel 6
hours from one place to another
how
for your lawsuit you do not have to leave
your house
and less if it is only a [ __ ] direct
and 1.3
because they are direct guardianship
but in the case that 8 was
reported
as sant it was time
as it opened before the pot
almost or inhabitant or comes from before
then leaving we have knowing
and that trip for which I declared 8 is that the
thing is like with I would know
I knew
of
two people I
only hope that the club is only of two
people who transmit to the people that to
me what makes me understand that they are two
novels
is because time accumulates
the complaints accumulate
the complaint we did
not see this there
to understand with this that effectively if
more sexy ones are added it
would mean that they are filing
complaints against him but not him against them and it
is also important to clarify that
Dallas said that the people the
girls who contacted him are good he
exported them that we can assume here that they
specify is that we also do not know what it is
based on to give it
listen
imagine audios videos we know
bridge it was a coincidence what
happened that Dallas himself
made that donation to him in his live
when precisely 8 had already
received the complaint because let's see it
is not as if a complaint is made
overnight it still goes through a
process  and apart from that Ochoa himself
mentioned or implied that when he
found out about this complaint he was surprised there is
nothing regulated the first day
surprised
as if they had not reported her a
long time ago and now he called her to testify I don't
know
for her to report you the next day she
declared something like that super
fast it has to be strong
very strong since this came out
after
speaking calmly
and so it ended the meat is an option it
is an option
I have a great demand go to him well
nothing he told me I am paying you
sacred but can you
imagine an option is an option
that is being
said big ads
or I mean don't get on my nerves
this part of life
and on top of that people
insulting that really
if you stop to read all this
javi I said everything that we all want to hear
please give the slabs [ __ ] yourself calm down it's
not going to be 40 videos because they say what we
all think or if well no
surely no I won't make any video
in fact what I already said that it did not seem good to me
that it has heated
but I would
sincerely say in depth but
tell us what we all want to hear
how strange your fantasy
well now that you act like a clown that  that's what I'm
telling you
the whole comment box from yesterday that there
is as a clown can tell you everything we didn't see it
people wanted and told him he arrived in
Dallas, screw up what a lawsuit they've filed against him they're
going to crush him
complaint
there is a minimum percentage of going to
jail minimum in the plan that if nobody
reports me you don't go to jail
sincerely
so it was precisely
last week when the complaint arrived and
taking into account that precisely
the people who contacted Dallas
were not the external ones were other girls, it does
not give rise to think that
effectively all this was a
coincidence and that in the end
all this ended up coming together but also
8 himself began to say as is that
this may be true that he goes to
jail
and
if possible we
can take this as a
joke but it is that as they say in the end
no, he is not joking, he
is writing to Alan but I do not know if what he
wants to upload is that
you go to jail when you make
a complaint, in any case you make these
types of jokes when they report you
since he was the first to make these
jokes in his own live  that he was going
to jail you gave him some photos
efe
direct
but he was no
fool
even when they sent him donations of
support he himself said that he hoped that
this would continue when everything came out 8
seeds that many people that we
love and support our heart
[Laughs]
that
curiosity
another couple of comments that if they already
know how he is then don't be
surprised
and we will be with you
[Laughs]
all so much gram after being processed
you had to change the channel 8 he's
not telling you seriously he said
[Laughs]
so well I don't know really all this
has to be proven precisely before
justice in the end it's the
only thing we can say if in the end he is
innocent or guilty 8 himself well I
'm next to it will be determined precisely by
justice or at least the
corresponding authorities before all
the evidence they have on
this same case but as they say this
is quite late and we'll see let's
see the uncle south who said
well you know how all of
yesterday's comments ended up you don't know how
you've ended up I don't
hope the weight of the law falls on
Dallas I hope I can tell the web  I'm
never wrong and even though I don't have
proof I always tell the truth
javi you're a gossip and you want to
know everything but 8 is
managing it pretty well
javi cuts what 8 says every two
seconds and then says you don't understand
my congratulations to 8
efe
for that
putting on that face of how they look please let them know he
has given to understand that it is because of his
practices he must of ms that's why he says he is
very calm he thinks it may be very
judged but not illegal
not only that fms really that is what they will
do to us azzurro I am not here looking for
those days things
of arroyo
here there is change at what moment
at what moment to eat
eat
we are informing if it is any of the
parties which are in this subject or
grass are you aware that then he stopped
taking the car for six hours he alone of
six hours on board
[Music]
where I
javi well to know if Javier
is what the one from 50 shades of grey does there was
not that movie it was terrible
where more or less exact minutes it was in
a donation happiness thanks to
clarasimo for leaving 8 only  they
made him a donation we're still keeping the
case closed
[Music] it's
okay all things like that
and they notify and
[Music]
and I'm there's Xavi where God
looks for the cameo and analyzes via
where the little eyes have happiness I'm going to
detect it with the south face I'm going to
try it with the south face let's see
let me that the divine does not force there's nothing I'm
going to detect it with the pimp's face
this face no here
here's
Saqara's nanny still let's
see
Javi the BDSM is the used roll of nothing
his tail already and 4g I don't understand of sodium
really thanks to 9 today be di he hasn't
donated again all night that
the cortex will have been angry
stay and don't get angry let's see over here
[Laughter]
I must be they have something to do with it
taking so long in him
restored
in the south it won't change
facial expressions much is
Abertis South take out your little eyes we are
always the same from Chubut I was
always going to have scammed you
have scammed me
like Clement but thank you very much 8
speaks like Clement
Here a
lot of people
know that there's going to be trouble and they know that
this is going to give us a move forward
here we have road
88 and greetings to
your videos
a little greeting
well that change to the donation in the end is right
in the end is
true my channel came out and it's not going to be
seen very good by many people
8 the heartbreaker hahaha I
knew that he was aware I had
kept them for a while because I say I only hope it's
only for two people because nothing
family let's see what I tell you this is what there is
more than anything it's clean it was to
think about it with him
and compensate it with the stratum of yesterday
where it was said that
people are half crazy I had understood that
people are half crazy that I had
understood that he was the one who was
sued and it turns out that it doesn't seem to be that it's not like that is
worth simply for
that and to tell you well that giving it
continues to reaffirm itself
you will see success in the hub and the green
sm is basically leather whips
sexual games like the heron prayers figured it
is the most beastly part even
sometimes these candles with monkey that burn
a little bit of the whole sex thing or
rather it is  a bit of a shady part but that a
lot of people like a lot thanks to
Tito nobody better than you to
depoliticize in the video you are a delight
dude I really needed your audio
family let's go to the next one because today the
thing the thing has TV today the thing
has they send you to him
[Music]